A waterfall please.
If not in Chandler.
This is strange.
Prejudice, prior judgment, usually
unfavorable.
Do you want?
With ice and lemon, it is good.
The judgment is later, usually
favorable.
In aquariums we have realized that
people feel good about having
possessions.
Those who doubt, they prove.
I possessed.
People who when they see the typical
couple of very different ages, think.
It is for love.
I possessed.
How to think.
Oh, I am not here.
And finally, uy, I don’t come out of here,
take possession.
The post-judgmental know that to
know things well, you have to live them.
is so.
Life is full of judgments.
and aquarius.
The drink of those who die for
living.